Resources added to Nodejs/Databases/Sequelize (#2479)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/110-nodejs-databases/100-relational/102-sequelize.md

# Sequelize

Sequelize is an easy-to-use and promise-based Node.js ORM tool for Postgres, MySQL, MariaDB, SQLite, DB2, Microsoft SQL Server, and Snowflake. It features solid transaction support, relations, eager and lazy loading, read replication and more.

## What is an ORM ?
An ORM is known as Object Relational Mapper. This is a tool or a level of abstraction which maps(converts) data in a relational database into programmatic objects that can be manipulated by a programmer using a programming language(usually an OOP language). ORMs solely exist to map the details between two data sources which due to a mismatch cannot coexist together.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://sequelize.org/'>Sequelize Website</BadgeLink>

> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='npm Package' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize'>Package Link</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Documentation' href='https://sequelize.org/docs/v6/getting-started/'>Getting Started</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Guide' href='https://levelup.gitconnected.com/the-ultimate-guide-to-get-started-with-sequelize-orm-238588d3516e'>Full Guide</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Example' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-use-sequelize-in-node-js/'>Sequelize in Node.js</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Connection Guide' href='https://www.turing.com/kb/mysql-connection-with-node-js-using-sequelize-and-express'>Create MySQL Connection with Node JS using Sequelize</BadgeLink>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Package Page' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize'>Sequelize - NPM Package</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Offical Docs' href='https://sequelize.org/docs/v6/getting-started/'>Official Sequelize Docs</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Guide' href='https://levelup.gitconnected.com/the-ultimate-guide-to-get-started-with-sequelize-orm-238588d3516e'>Getting started with Sequelize</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Example' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-use-sequelize-in-node-js/'>Sequelize in Node.js</BadgeLink>
```
